1. Which technology is used to create the multiple stimulated environments  by utilizing a physical instance of an infrastructural resources?
    A. Hypervision technology
    B. Virtualization technology
    c. Infrastructural technology
ANS : (b)

2. Which software program enables hardware to host multiple virtual machines ?
Ans:  Hypervisor
Explanation :   hypervisors have the ability to allocate physical machine resources to VMs in a dynamic manner .

3. what is the function of server virtualisation?
ANS : It deploy VMM on the server and divide the single physical server into multiple virtual servers

4. what is the function of Hardware virtualization ?
ANS : it installs VMM directly on the hardware system

5. What do cloud computing refers to?
Ans : deployment of multiple workloads or delivering the computing services such as servers,databases,storage

6. Explain different cloud computing models ?
ANS : 1. Software-as-a-service(Saas)
           2. platform-as-a-service(Paas)
            3. Infrastructure-as-a-service(Iaas)

7. Differentiate between Virtualization and cloud computing?
ANS : virtualization is a technology where as cloud computing is a environment
•	CC inherits the “You pay for what you need and use” consumption model

8.  What is Containerization in the cloud ?
ANS : It is an OS virtualization that builds and encapsulates software code. And it also eliminates the problem of porting code effectively from one infrastructure and another.It also eliminates the problem of cross-infrastructure

9. what are the characteristics of containers ?
A: portability, Lightweight and efficient ,single executable package, isolation, improved security, fault isolation , Easy operational management

10. what are the components of containerized applications ?
ANS : container hosts, registry server, container image, container engine/runtime, Namespace, Kernel namespace, tags, Repositories , graph driver

11. what does serverless computing architecture do ?
ANS : it allows to perform light weight cloud operations

12. Hoe you can embed security using DevOps ?
ANS : it is done by using 3 models
1.	DevOpsSec 2. DevSecOps 3. SecDevOps

13. What are cloud security pillars ?
ANS : Continuous security monitor
User security
Physical security
Storage resources security
Database security
Infrastructure security
Operating system security
Network security
Middleware security
Data security
Application security

14. How many Security assessment and testing approaches are there in cloud computing ?
ANS: 3 they are 1. Black box testing-----internal knowledge and details are not known and it is also called as “closed box testing”
2.	White box testing---internal knowledge and details are known and it is also called as “clear box testing”
3.	Grey box testing—both clear box and closed box testing are known

15. what is  the main role of IAM ?
ANS : it is an identity and access policy framework configuring access permissions for various identities

16. what is the principe of IAM user ?
ANS : a person or application that makes requests to cloud resources using IAM users

17. what are the basic elements of IAM ?
ANS : authorisation, authentication

18. identity-based policies are divided into how many types?
ANS : Basic permission policy(that you attach to an entity), Inline policy(embedded directly to single user), managed policy(attached to multiple users)

19. into how many types policies are divided ?
ANS :trust based policy, identity based policy, resources based policy

20. what are policy elements ?
ANS : version , ID , Sid, statement, effect, principle, Not principle, Action, Not action, resources, not resource, condition

21. what is the condition of global condition syntax ?
ANS : aws:<condition_key>

22. what is the use of “wildcard asterisk ?
ANS : it implements unrestricted access to the resources

23. what is the role of “Assumerole” ?
ANS : it grants temporary access to different users or roles

24. when do confused deputy problems occur ?
ANS : when the cloud service has provided the permission for one purpose and is able to use the same permission for the another reason

25. What is Over-Permissive Role Trust Policy ?
ANS : Abusing the permissions to compromise aws resources in the account.

26. which element contains the unique identifier of the third party ?
ANs : ExternalID

27. why does privilege Escalation do ?
ANS : Privilege escalation due to a policy misconfiguration can allow unwarranted operations in the cloud environment

28. what are the permissions present in the privilege escalation ?
ANS : 1. Attachgroup policy
2. attach user policy
3. attach role policy

29 . why to perform a network security assessment ?
ANS : to prevent security breaches and exploitation of network resources

30. what are the characteristics of security groups ?
ANS : 1. Implement the functionality of stateful firewalls at the resource level in the cloud
2. Allow adding a specific Deny traffic rule by default to restrict all the traffic to the resource.

31. what are the characteristics of NACL ?
ANS : 1. implement the functionality of stateless firewalls at subnet level in the cloud
2. Define inbound and outbound rules explicitly with “ Allow” and “ Deny” flags.
3. the maximum number for NACLs is 32766

32 . what is VPC peering ?
ANS : process of establishing the connection between two VPc to allow intercommunication among cloud instances and workloads deployed into two separate VPCs.

33. What are the benefits of VPC peering ?
ANS : it reduces the network latency because of internal IP addresses

34. what are the most security misconfigurations in SGs ?
ANS : Default NACLs configured in the VPC allow unrestricted inbound and outbound traffic from the subnet. 
2.  Possibility of “ Traffic Rule” collisions.
3. Make sure to restrict the outbound traffic originating from the resource/ instance or subnet. Q 
4.Overly-permissive NACL traffic bypasses

35. which command is used for describing the route tsbles ?
ANS : AWS CLI EC2

36. what is the work of the Bastion Hosts?
ANS : it allows only incoming traffic from remote locations on the internet

37. what is the function of FIM ?
ANS :it allows back you to check the integrity violations

38. what are the commands that are available on the bastion host ?
ANS : wget and curl

39. what is the function of EICAR ?
ANS : it is a basic malware testing file that contains signatures and patterns of various malicious code .

40. on which ports Open Vpn runs ?
Ans : port 8433, tcp port 9443, tcp port 10443

41. which protocol supports the creation of encrypted tunnels for the VPN connection?
ANS : Internet Key Exchange

42. At which layer ALB’s work ?
ANS : layer 7 application layer

43. what is the difference between CLB and ALB ?
ANS : clb works at both request level and connection level whereas alb works only at request level

44. . At which layer NLB’s work ?
ANS : at layer 4 transport layer

45. what is netcat tool ?
ANS : it is a simple program that reads and writes data across networks . It is useful to hacker as a port scanner

46. Port mapper service uses which protocol ?
ANS : TCP/UDP port 111


